okay if we had known this sooner I've
happy to clean off the entire room as
you see here if you go back into the
room without really cold room we were
previously in and then come back out
because then the shield freezes again
and then you can pick up more stuff from
the Dragon will kill you bunny a go in
on that sooner
okay everybody meet the pain is back and
swell the last door was interesting so
let's go this way shall we yeah doors
open not walk or anything now let's see
what's in that room so let's go
Oh
whoa before and the coffins are only
okay whatever stones nice okay oh it's
uh examine these things shall we you
open them let's do that weird one first
hey let's hop so who to my banshee flies
out and emit an ear screeching scream oh
Christ oh my god and Diana oh I'm all
right but it's been good here
means hell with Dan's coffin lids coming
open oh Christ no my mommy Stanford
before you it's gonna walk up and kill
me look at it Wow to speed spin straight
tall boy that things are scaring me the
Banshee was bad enough let's close that
thing is ugly God okay what else is
there
that one the little pop music okay the
green side of quit disgusting sure looks
disgusting huh and I'm one in the next
room see what's in there you try to pass
slam attend culture oh shit oh god no
God no I'm not dead a money
right again i was i foond enough in the
file room
you
okay room is full of mirrors wow that's
a lot of mirrors three anyway so the
torches this is a little freaky-looking
room I got a brew who's a cool okay now
let's see what's down there spacious not
a new trap ok meet doc well let's go
down only one way to find out this is a
new trap you jump down the hole and I
for a couple of those before she's a
book girl from both of your legs traps
why does this game have so many noob
traps God he's a new piece of cruel
Oh God let it changed one of the music
changes weird I mean creepy oh good
would you uh how are the torches or my
torches Christ I mean this music is
starting to get on my nerves oh crap
what happens myself disappeared but up
okay ah Who am I do video Oh
like I'm a better new ok ok calm down
eagle oh yeah it's gotta be way out of
this I mean where did my stuff go but
God just getting now knowing God make it
stop make it stop oh my god you cared in
the other room so it's not my boys
everywhere liberated everywhere we're
anything we're managing now um good
fucking slave mountain dwarfs Christ but
I get this and stop my god how do I get
it to stop ah good run with torches
where oh my god damn porches
this but I'm to base torches you
okay easy schoo and then played it much
better
you